hello everyone welcome to another
episode of ask mark we're outside
filming in the Sun again because we
don't have very many sunny days left
here in vancouver's we're joining the
world cam we're going to speak up over
the sound of the cars driving by so
let's use this time I was usually pretty
loud so and this week have any questions
we got we got where they can Simon I
think that's in there a 10 cool so we've
got some really good questions this week
and diving right into it the first
question from ashish when will the next
in Game car for in-game cash given well
so today today's Tuesday you guys saw
that the dar es r8 came out which I hope
you guys are happy with that was a
classic car back in carbon carbon Joe
and it was one of the top cars I don't
leaderboard so uh that's powerful too
ridiculous people that's a game cash car
level 40 so right next question from ma
Derek when or will you guys do more
random draws on limited edition cars
like the Raven nissan skyline the mazda
except definitely we're going to we're
going to be doing we have to spot your
deficits riding yeah we're out of time
to you guys we're watching this it's
bought the devas probably go on so if
you guys are watching this now log on
and come find us yeah yeah exactly yeah
sure and after this we're going to will
be doing competitions every week yep we
the year anniversary we're still you
know we sent out hundreds and hundreds
of codes link was taking care of that we
caught caught up we're looking to get
back into weekend it's cool next
question from atomic what do you guys
add the flame spitting from the exhaust
wind shifting gears yeah so we just
talked about that in a production
meeting today we would love to do a lot
more rendering effects when you hit
knauss can we change the color when you
when you start getting some smoke can
you change the color of smoke you're the
things that we would give me leave you
know fire trails and all that when
you're hitting doss things that we'd
love to get more with bernos like a
coriander person yeah we'd love to do
that to match your Neil I just takes a
lot of time so good
where everybody's trying to prioritize
that with the production teams that
things were already designing so we
loved it as well as just when we all
right next question from Connor and this
is one that I can speak to and yank it
take it says can you please fix the
forms there in chompers because of
missing pages and hidden by moderator
spam so there's a reason why things get
hidden by moderators either it's spam or
some other version of a violation of the
terms of service and the code of conduct
on the forums we have rules on the
forums we have lots of moderators that
are on there we got you see we got our
design we got the Haddix we got torque
there's a lot of guys on there that are
monitoring their everyday if there's
stuff hidden their stuff edited there's
a reason violation that's why it's gone
bottom line guys just keep it clean
keeping rated e for everyone and it'll
be good times otherwise your posts are
going to get hidden and that's just the
way you can jump on any forums and
that's way it is and you moderate
informs if you break the rules you're
going to get hit that's what you say yep
next question for Brandon any chance we
can tell we can get a test drive feature
so we can try out cards because we
bought for sure this is a pretty
assistant another one we talked about
today's meeting you know right now with
our rentals you know their day rentals
could we get it so there's an hour
rental there's a ten-minute rental a
three-minute round one race rental I
love that idea it gives you that sort of
test drive sort of feature there is
something we're talking about all right
next question from Denzel wooden sword
excuse me when are are going to put in
the speed breaker from carbon and most
once what does feed break is coming
speed breaker won't be coming in
it doesn't work in an online game it
doesn't work in and I'm like yeah we
could probably maybe make it work when
you gettin soft when you're by yourself
with a cop but where most of our players
are online this is you know it's not a
career so that I could game you know so
like we're catering to multiplayer game
or journal yeah alright next question
from you want ran yeah nice yeah how
often do you play need for speed world
very obsession it's also questioned I'm
on every week a lot of the times at
Oakland modok's I'd love to sneak into
races just to see how general culture is
a lot of you so I have obviously there's
a lot of us that play under different
accounts the one of the reasons where we
jump online with like say I jump online
within of us through a year at FS mark
within 30 seconds of being online we're
inundated with the invites and you know
everybody wants to chat with us which is
you know we're extremely cool but in
order for us to get like a good taste of
how people play we need to be
miscellaneous so exactly so you know
every week we're online drew drew plays
almost every day he's on different Need
for Speed titles but for me I try to get
on at least of one or two times a week
yeah so we just I mean in order to see
how people are really playing we need to
be miss lips that's that's it we're not
and pre implementing this we're not
telling you what accounts we play under
just because that would kind of defeat
the whole purpose of company alright
next question Adrian I want to know if
we're going to see a snowflake car again
yes it was the Porsche 911 just cuz
that's a second question you ask but are
we gonna see more cool cars like that
halloween is coming halloween coming you
know we did last fall was oktoberfest
yeah that was pretty cool with the
pretzel girl and all that so we'd love
to bring those back and bring cars
specific for those
specifically to the snowflake yes we'll
bring that back around Christmas time
would there be another you know
snowflake to version I'd love to do this
one see all right next question again
from Brandon this is a different random
when is the next twenty five percent off
or 25 sep more speed boost sales perfect
so there's never a specific date that
will target say this state it's a
randomly so basically my biggest
feedback would be checking weekly
there's always you know sales on packs
or there's speed boosts sale here and
there it's never this Tuesday come back
and it's always a set precedent you know
they just sort of our Spiro attic and
just like a bonus promo so just stay
tuned with the channels a lot of our
players are following us daily or weekly
and that's the best way to see when the
cool last question is from Alex when
when is the cool stuff speedhunters will
it ever be released so again by the time
you're watching this you'll have enjoyed
the Sun sales on skyline r33 r34 oh it's
the 17-19 7000 original the vintage
Scott GTR 2000gt RT now GTR so that is a
type of car speedhunters would follow
this they follow like the legends the
cool cars that are the iconic cars
that's what we're trying to bring in a
particular world we want to give you
lost cars you want to give you exotics
what's coming in the future and
obviously the vintage stuff so we're
trying to get the whole blend and you
know those type of cars like those
vintage cars is something that
speedhunters you know they really think
is cool so those cars are coming and
there's more on the way obviously you
guys saw my tweets and on facebook i was
in there's a long weekend here I was
here all we can do any more cars for you
can't really work yeah there's a whole
there's lots of cars coming to you guys
from nap for the next few months cars
every week so stay tuned on cool cool
cars all right that's it for our
question this week so as always you can
submit your questions on marks facebook
page is facebook.com slash mark de
bellas another quick announcement we
have is that for the next month i
probably well i'm definitely not going
to be on the s mark i'm going to be away
for the next month on the road
as always it seems this year we're going
to try to hang out here to do some
fourth that link with alderman you can
get someone else Greg maybe you try to
keep an hour's yeah maybe they're good
squad yo you know so we're going to try
to try to keep up with the weekly
cadence of the the ass marks but if we
miss a week just forgive us it's just
because uh I'm out and it's tough to get
people in to do this or yeah alright
sounds good cool I guess